(bright music)
(ambient music)
(bright. acoustic music)
(soft. tense music)
(newscaster speaks in Spanish)
(blood pressure cuff squeaks)
(air hisses)
(Carla speaks in Spanish)
(engine hums)
(soft. ominous music)
(gate creaks)
(food sizzles)
(Mario and Carla speak in Spanish)
(soft. tense music)
(suspenseful music)
(flies buzz)
(Mario whistles)
(cellphone rings)
- Gringo.
- [Gringo] So. what's up?
- I have some very. very good news for you.
- [Gringo] As good as the lot of stuff?
- Meet me in the same place.
- [Gringo] All right. I'll send Manny.
(teacher speaks in Spanish)
(bell rings)
(car horns honk)
(soft. tense music)
- Somebody says you got something for me.
- They're planning on moving them tonight.
- Planning. or doing?
They're two different things.
(tongue clicks)
- It's happening. at the Sonora Market.
I know he'll be there.
His wife is going to the dentist
a block down for root canal.
- A root canal?
(soft. intense music)
You sure?
You better be sure. Mario.
(envelope rustles)
Hear about Nora?
No?
Found her this morning.
In the garbage.
(soft. suspenseful music)
- Nora?
- That was in her mouth.
Listen. Mario. I'm not one to give advice.
But you made a lot of money. no?
Selling people down the river like this?
Maybe it's time you found a new line of work.
(tongue clicks)
(lighter clinks)
(ominous. tense music)
(musician sings in Spanish)
(mellow rap music)
(Mom and Carla speak in Spanish)
- It's good.
(people speak in Spanish)
(tense music)
(upbeat rap music)
(Carla and Mario speak in Spanish)
(tense music)
(suspenseful music)
(dog barks)
(gunshots explode)
(people speak in Spanish)
(Mario grunts)
- Mario!
(gunshots explode) - No. no.
(gunshot explodes)
(soft. tense music)
(door clangs)
(gunshot explodes) (Carla pants)
(gunmen speak in Spanish)
(mirror rattles)
(gunman whistles)
(gunman speaks in Spanish)
(gunshots explode)
(glass shatters)
(Carla pants)
(gunshots explode)
(tense. suspenseful music)
(pallet rattles)
(Carla grunts)
(Carla pants) (gunmen speak in Spanish)
(tense. ominous music)
(gunshots explode)
(gunmen speak in Spanish)
(soft. ominous music)
(Carla pants)
(Carla grunts)
(water softly splashes)
(Carla groans)
(shirt rips)
(Carla pants)
(sand rustles)
(boards creak)
(Carla pants and grunts)
(Carla coughs)
- [Carla] No. no. no.
(lighter clicks)
(Carla speaks in Spanish)
(fist thuds)
(boards creak)
(Carla moans and coughs)
(ominous. suspenseful music)
(plastic tub rattles)
(soft. ominous music)
(handle clicks)
- Hello?
(Carla speaks in Spanish)
(water splashes)
(gunshot explodes)
(shotgun cocks) (Carla pants)
(suspenseful music)
(Carla pants)
- Let me see you.
I'll give you to five.
- Don't shoot. please.
- Four. (shotgun cocks)
- How do I know you won't shoot?
- I will if I don't see you.
Three.
Two.
Slowly.
Turn around.
(suspenseful music)
- I can help you.
- Shut up and turn around.
- You need to stop the bleeding.
(body thuds)
(drawer rattles)
All right. yeah.
(soft. ominous music)
(blood oozes)
(Carla grunts)
(head thuds)
(static buzzes)
- [Dispatcher] Caskill stand in.
- [Caskill] Hold Alvarez. and stand by.
(soft. ominous music)
(gunman speaks in Spanish)
(tense. suspenseful music)
- We got a problem. bring her in.
- [Dispatcher] Copy.
(walkie-talkie clangs)
- Up.
- [Alvarez] Get off of me.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- [Marshall] Whoa.
- [Alvarez] What?
- Holy shit.
- What? - Elwood's in the bedroom.
- [Alvarez] Huh. who's that?
- [Caskill] Let's order a pickup.
- Who's she?
- [Caskill] We don't know yet. but we're gonna find out.
- [Alvarez] what the fuck is going on?
- Get them to run a check.
- [Alvarez] On who?
(card clicks)
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- Come on. - Just let go.
- [Marshall] Relax. relax.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
(Caskill speaks in Spanish)
- Just calm the hell down. okay?
- [Alvarez] Fuck you assholes.
(Marshall chuckles)
(security system beeps)
Where are you taking me?
- Come on.
- [Alvarez] Where are you taking me?
- Stop.
(chair clangs)
Sit.
There you go.
- What the fuck is this?
- This is for your safety.
- You think I'm staying here?
- It won't be for long.
- This is not part of my deal.
- Sit down.
- No. I didn't sign up for this.
- Or don't.
- Hey.
This is wrong.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
(Caskill speaks in Spanish)
- I live in Mexicali.
- And now. you're here in the United States.
And here. unlike a lot of places in Mexico.
you have a bunch of options.
Wanna hear 'em?
- Sure.
- I'm gonna give you two.
One. you tell me who sent you.
and you get to count your days
in a 6x8. care of the US government.
Two.
you don't. and I dump you in that silo
as food for desert rats.
- I got a third one.
- Yeah?
- I tell you the truth.
(suspenseful music)
(zipper clicks)
(bag rustles)
(Marshall grunts)
- God damn. you're a heavy fucker. Valdez.
(Marshall pants)
(bottle clicks)
(ominous music)
(Marshall sighs)
(cellphone rings)
- [Dispatcher] State name and code
- Citadel. 3941. secure line request.
- [Dispatcher] Standby.
- Yep.
(keyboard clicks)
(cellphone rings)
- This is Yorke.
- Be advised. we have one eagle down and one canary down.
Request pickup.
- Who's the canary?
(Marshall sighs)
- Valdez.
(soft. ominous music)
- Is the canary alive?
- That's a negative.
- How'd you end up in there?
- I had a family situation this morning.
- What kind of situation?
(soft. tense music)
- I needed to hide. and I used that down there to do it.
- That's a pretty tall story.
(trap door creaks)
- As tall as finding a deck guy in your kitchen.
a girl screaming with the suck on her head.
and your friend with the bullet hole in her stomach?
- You take it out?
- It can still get infected.
(zip tie clicks)
(ominous music)
It looks okay.
There's no infection.
She's stable.
Her pulse is regular.
(soft. acoustic music)
- What's she doing?
- She saved her life.
- This is fucked.
You know that. right?
- Sure. I do.
You call in the pickup?
- Yep. we're on lockdown.
Phones. comms. everything.
No word on her yet.
- But they're coming for the pickup. right?
- Nope.
They wanna see you to drop it personally.
- And Elwood?
- Said to bring her.
- [Caskill] Like that?
- It's not safe to move her right now.
- Hey. nobody asked you. okay?
- Come on.
I need to show you something.
(ominous. ambient music)
Go ahead.
(trap door creaks)
- You gotta be fucking kidding me.
- [Caskill] She came through this morning.
- You got balls. kid.
I'll give you that.
- Wasn't my idea to be here.
- It's been here a while. too.
Way before we took over.
- Well. this place is just full of surprises.
We've been here two months.
Since then. we've had no perimeter protection.
doors that lead everywhere.
and now. drug running rabbit holes.
What do you wanna do with her?
- Drop her off with Valdez.
- Do you think that's a good idea?
- No. I think it's a shitty one.
But right now. that's all I got.
So. put her with Alvarez till I leave.
- You heard him.
Let's go.
Yep.
(soft. tense music)
(security system beeps)
- I need the bathroom.
- Yeah. sure.
- And water.
(door thuds)
Fucker.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- So. you're in the program?
- I don't know what that is.
- Your English is good.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- I went to a good school.
I'm just looking to get home. but safely.
- You want safe?
You're in the right place.
- What do you mean?
- This?
This is a US government safe house.
(ominous music)
And those two you just met.
they're good to you if you're on their side.
Bad. if you're not.
- So. what side are you on?
(tense. ominous music)
(cabinet doors rattle)
(latch clicks)
- Alvarez?
Alvarez.
- She's safe.
Get some rest. yeah?
- Were you here when they brought me in?
Who were they talking about?
- A woman. shot. in bad shape.
The other one was a man. also shot.
He didn't make it.
- Valdez?
- I don't know his name.
- Long hair. in his 30s?
- Maybe. he had a massive head trauma.
It was hard to see.
- Fuck.
Oh. my God. fuck. fuck.
Holy fuck. no. you've got to.
Hey. Valdez is dead.
You think you can just hide that from me?
I know you're gonna hear this.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- [Officer] Those cameras give us anything?
- [Officer] No. half the feeds are still down.
- Elwood's? (table thuds)
- Mmhmm.
Valdez made calls.
- Traced?
- No.
All back to Mexico.
- How'd he get the gun?
- Busted the lock.
- Well this is fucked. for sure.
Whatever happened. he went batshit
and wanted out real quick. huh?
- Maybe.
- Hey.
- Elwood will tell us when she can
- If we don't get her outta here soon.
she's not gonna make it to tell us anything.
- She'll get through this.
- Hmm.
Yeah?
'Cause you found some wannabe doctor
from Mexico that said so?
(soft. tense music)
I think Alvarez and Valdez have been compromised.
and this place could be next.
- We don't know that.
- Not yet.
- So. you really wanna risk moving her again?
We're holding our ground.
- Mmm. or ending up in it.
(soft. tense music)
(security system beeps)
Here's your water.
- I need to pee.
(Alvarez sighs)
(soft. sad music)
(receipt rustles)
(Carla sobs)
(Caskill sighs)
(upbeat rap music)
(maid hums)
(ominous music)
(door knocks)
- Come on. let's go.
- What happened to Valdez?
- Still trying to figure that out.
- And while you're doing that. I'm sitting here like a
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- You're in a locked. safe environment.
No one's gonna hurt you. okay?
- Is that what you told Valdez?
- Come on.
(cleaning supplies rattle)
Come on.
(suspenseful music)
- Christ.
(maid gasps)
- Cost me gas to get here. you know?
- Here.
(cleaning supplies rattle)
Here. for the gas.
We'll be in touch.
(car beeps)
(engine hums)
- Come on. let's go.
- [Caskill] Why'd the cleaner turn up?
- Elwood was meant to cancel her.
- And what the hell is she doing now?
- Hey. I'm here. right in front of you. okay?
And I know my rights. which includes drinkable water.
not having to beg for bathroom breaks.
and not being kept locked in that room.
- You gave up most of those rights some time ago.
- Oh. really?
- For now. I just need you to work with us.
That means following our instructions
and moving when we say move. okay?
- I'm not going back in there.
- Put her in the lounge. and stay with her.
- Come on.
(suspenseful music) (Elwood groans)
(security system beeps)
- Here. clean clothes. and use the hood.
The less you see. the better.
- It's a bit late for that. no?
(soft. tense music)
- [Caskill] Lay down.
You can take that off now.
- Where are we going?
- Border patrol.
- What do they usually do?
Send people back over?
- I wouldn't know. I've never dealt with them before.
- Must be nice. being on the right side of the line.
- In my experience. there is no right or wrong side.
Usually. the lines are blurred.
(ominous music)
- [Alvarez] What's the deal with a kid?
- That's just wrong time. wrong place.
- Sounds like my old life.
- Difference is. you got a shiny new one to upgrade to.
- I'm not sure I want it
(Marshall chuckles)
- Little late for that now. isn't it?
- You're gonna tell me my alternative's
10 years in Chichella.
- I'm not gonna tell you shit.
You'll end up like Valdez.
If you're having doubts here. don't.
You're doing the right thing.
and it's gonna make a difference.
- Oh. please.
That's bullshit.
You and I know it.
- No. I don't.
- Putting away a guy in the Mexican
or Columbian cartel means nothing.
Nothing changes.
- Unless that one leads us to 100.
Stopping one shipment. one deal.
means you're changing things.
- You really believe that. don't you?
- Yes. I do.
What's the alternative?
- Follow the money.
You wanna hit the drug business?
Start with the bosses.
Go for the CPAs. the lawyers. the banks.
- That's where it hurts. huh?
- Yeah.
- That where they got you?
I want a shower.
- Shit.
- And then. next thing you know.
he just sends me home. you know?
You're right. it's fucked.
It's like I don't have commitment.
Mmm.
I saw her today.
No. I mean-- - Her?
- You saw her.
- It's ridiculous.
Yeah. her.
I saw her at my job.
Sorry. that was Eduardo.
No. I mean. I really need the job.
- [Eduardo] Are you sure?
Hey.
- I also have stuff to do.
Mmhmm.
That was Clara.
- Fuck Clara.
Are you sure you saw her?
- Yes. I'm sure.
- Where?
(suspenseful music)
- That stuff back there. the things I saw at that place?
- I suggest you forget all about this.
Keep your eyes open. your mouth shut.
cross the border and go home.
What about your family?
- My mom moved here for work.
She's been living in Torrance.
- For how long?
- Most of my childhood.
I've got to know her over the years
through phone. Skype.
- She must come visit.
- Not so much.
And today. I don't encourage it.
- Why's that?
- Mexicali's not the safest place anymore.
especially for women.
My mom's been working. helping me through med school.
- Looks like it's been paying off.
Sounds like you got a good mom.
- What about yours?
- I never knew her.
She left before I could remember.
My dad was around. though.
- I never knew my dad.
- Moms are necessary.
Dads are important. but moms.
(Elwood grunts)
(ominous music)
- Here.
No cream. if I remember.
(zipper clicks)
- [Officer] Enrique Valdez.
- Damn.
(trunk thuds)
- How did she get here?
- [Caskill] It's a long story.
- Hopefully with the happy ending.
- You tell me.
- What about Elwood?
- I can't move her.
Not safely.
Why the face time?
- The cartel put out a million dollar bounty
on Valdez and Alvarez this morning.
You think Valdez found out and got jumpy?
- I don't know.
It's a possibility he made calls.
- There's something else you need to know.
There's bounty's online now.
with their photos on social media.
- Alvarez is due to up appear next week.
This news changes everything.
You've got to move us out.
- Can't do that.
The Citadel is all we have right now.
- It's not secure for this type of asset.
knowing what we now know.
Hell. we'd be better off at the Best Western. if we have to.
- Stay in place Caskill. and do what you usually do.
- What's that?
- The right thing. which includes
keeping Alvarez. Elwood and her safe.
- She's just a kid.
You could just drop her off over the fence
- With this shit show right now?
Absolutely not.
And since you've asked for the background on her.
turns out her brother was selling out
the local cartel to border patrol.
They found out and killed him yesterday.
She's clean.
And safer with you. for now.
Stay in place until I figure out an extraction.
Okay?
- Thanks for the coffee.
Come on.
(soft. ominous music)
(informants speaking ins Spanish)
- How do you know Alonzo?
- He's a good friend of my brother.
- So guys. what can we do for you?
- Well. it's just that you know people.
- Yeah. I know a lot of people.
What are you looking for?
- Well. I'm looking for the ones
who are willing to pay for information.
On her.
(soft. tense music)
- Sure.
If it's good
- Tell him.
Tell him.
- I saw her at my work.
- And where's work?
- Whoa. okay.
We need some guarantees first
- Like?
- Like the million dollars being offered online.
- Right.
I assume I am the first one to know about this. right?
- Yeah.
Alonzo said that we can trust you.
- Okay. let me make a call.
- All right.
(ominous music)
(cellphone rings)
(assistant speaking in a foreign language)
- It's Leo.
(golf club thuds)
(assistant and Fierro speaking in Spanish)
- Mr. Sallas.
(Fierro and assistant speak in Spanish)
- I have a couple here.
They say they know where Alvarez is.
- [Fierro] And?
- They want the money.
- Give them a cookie follow the crumbs.
If she's where they say she is. get rid of her.
(dissonant. ominous music)
(gun clicks)
(Elwood sighs)
- [Marshall] You done?
- Almost.
- Come on. let's wrap it up.
Hey. Elwood.
(gunshots explodes)
(suspenseful music)
(gun cocks)
(gunshots explode)
(wall thuds)
(Alvarez and Elwood grunt)
(Elwood screams)
(wall thuds)
(Alvarez and Elwood grunt)
(gunshot explodes)
(body thuds)
(rap music)
(musician raps in a foreign language)
- So. where is it?
- It's there. right up there.
(ominous. ambient music)
- I thought you were dropping me off.
- Change of plans.
- So. where are we going now?
(Caskill sighs)
- Back.
- Back where?
- That's enough questions.
- To that place?
- It'll just be for a couple days.
(soft. tense music)
- Is this it?
- Yeah.
- How many people are in the house?
- Three. four. I'm not sure.
- [Leo] Okay. let's see.
(ominous. ambient music)
- Why does she need that weapon?
- She's gonna shoot somebody.
- Just drop me off. I'll cross the border.
It'll be one less problem for both of us.
- Let's get this straight. I didn't ask for you to be here.
You weren't meant to be here.
You're an illegal. for Christ's sake.
- I'm not legal enough to go back to Mexico.
but you think it's legal enough for me
to stay and go back to that killing house?
- After we get the girl safe.
I will get you back home. I promise.
- [Leo] It's not her.
(soft. eerie music)
- What the?
- I don't know what to do.
- What's going on?
Jesus.
Okay. come on.
- Elwood tried. it was her.
- They put a bounty on these guys.
- I got Elwood.
This place is just full of fucking surprises.
- You're gonna get outta here. okay?
- That's one of your better ideas.
- Sit tight for a second.
(Alvarez pants)
Are you okay?
(soft. acoustic music)
I know this is fucked up.
And I know you've been through a lot.
and I know about your brother.
And I'm really sorry about that.
Right now. I really need your help.
You okay with that?
- Yeah.
- Can you go get this stuff to fix him up?
(soft. ominous music)
- Let me see.
Okay. keep the pressure on.
- How am I looking. doc?
- I think you got lucky.
It missed the arteries.
- [Marshall] All right.
(bandage rips)
- I fucked up.
I really fucked up.
- It's okay.
(Carla speaks in Spanish)
- I gotta go.
- Wait.
Alvarez left.
- What?
- She left.
- Hey.
- I'm leaving.
(finger snaps)
This is crazy.
(Alvarez speaks in Spanish)
- Do it.
(gunshot explodes) (Alvarez grunts)
- Go. move. go.
(gunshot explodes)
- Help me up.
- Okay.
- Carla.
Here.
I need you to check her out.
(tense music)
Don't let her out of your sight.
- Let me see.
- This is all my fault.
You know what I did?
I sold people out for money.
I risked everything. all of you. my family. myself.
I'm dead.
- You're not.
Not yet. anyway.
And he's alive to prove that.
My brother was killed in Mexico.
He died. and I got to live.
The same way that you get to live.
and your friend. Valdez. didn't.
We're gonna get out of here. but you need
to pull it together. so what happened
to all of us today ends up meaning something.
You all had to run this to Caskill and the Marshall.
Can you do that?
Okay.
(soft. tense music)
- Can you fight?
- Mmhmm.
- Good.
- She's here.
Wait here.
Hey.
Where's the rest of the money?
(gunshot explodes)
(maid screams)
- [Marshall] So. how many we got?
- [Caskill] One sharpshooter. so far.
- Man. they got here fast.
- I'm thinking Geronimo.
(ominous music)
Geronimo?
- Mmhmm.
Get them to the truck.
- Grab my belt. don't let go.
Understand?
All right. let's move.
- Come on.
(tense. suspenseful music)
- To the left.
(gun cocks)
(screen rattles)
(handle clicks)
(gunshot explodes)
(Alvarez screams) - Get back.
- Fucker.
- Stay down.
(gunshots explode)
(gun cocks)
(bandit grunts)
(gunshots explode)
(gun cocks)
- In the back of my bag. there's a smoke.
Hand me that canister.
When I say go. you get to that truck. understood?
(smoke hisses)
(gunshot explodes)
Go.
(gunshots explode)
(suspenseful music)
(bullet ricochets)
(gunshots explode)
(bullets ricochet)
- Are you okay?
Take his arm.
(gunshots explode)
(gun cocks)
(Carla grunts)
(soft. acoustic music)
- Where did they go?
(light switch clicks)
(eerie. tense music)
(gunshot explodes)
(body thuds)
(soft. tense music)
(plank clanks)
(gunshots explode)
(Carla pants)
(soft. suspenseful music)
Where is Alvarez?
Hmm?
(hand slaps)
Okay. last time.
Where the--
(gunshot explodes)
(body thuds)
(Carla pants)
- You okay?
(soft. ambient music)
Where are the others?
(trap door creaks)
(engine hums)
(eerie. tense music)
(radio static buzzes)
(sirens blare)
(upbeat. dramatic music)
- [News Anchor] Dramatic events today
at the courthouse here in Los Angeles.
- Lots of police activity here today
outside the courthouse in downtown Los Angeles.
as cartel informant Monica Alvarez gave her testimony.
Her information has led to
a federal warrant for Antonio Fierro.
It is said that this is just the start
of an ongoing investigation which may lead
to many more prosecutions moving forward.
- What's gonna happen to her now?
- She'll be safe.
You ready?
(soft. tense music)
- Yeah.
(soft. acoustic music)
Are you dropping me off at TJ?
How's Marshall?
- Ah. he's okay.
He's gonna be in there a while. though.
(engine hums)
- What's going on?
- Here.
(envelope rustles)
Travel and work visa.
Good for three years.
Hopefully. with good grades in med school
you can have an opportunity here. if you want it.
It's an option. anyway.
You can get out now.
- I don't even know where I am.
- Sure you do.
Home.
I promised.
Good luck.
- Thank you.
(engine hums)
(soft. acoustic music)
(door knocks)
- [Mother] Carla?
(Carla and Mother speak in Spanish)
(slow. tense music)